# 30 May 2024

*Hello @channel, 
I hope this message finds you all very well. Here’s our bi-weekly BridgeAI announcements, thanks to all who contributed with relevant content. The next announcement is scheduled for 13 June, you can contribute with content here: Bi-Weekly announcements BridgeAI.docx (sharepoint.com) 
 
* Our Virtual ISA Meeting reminder is scheduled for Monday 3 June, from 15:00 to 17:00. Find the agenda here. Let me know if you would like to add anything to the agenda. 
* The BridgeAI coordination working group is meeting on 18 June, from 10-11 and we would like to invite one or two ISAs to join. Please respond to this message if you’re available and I’ll send you the details 
* BridgeAI will have a stand during London Construction week (5-6 June 2024). We will be running a Skills for Business competency Framework workshop. Let us know if you're coming. 

## Funding opportunities: 
* Hartree vouchers (£5- £15k) for BridgeAI will open from 3 June to 26 July. Apply here:  https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/bridgeai-innovation-vouchers-science-and-technology-facilities-council-hartree-centre/ 
* Flexible AI Upskilling Fund pilot: The Flexible AI Upskilling Fund pilot scheme will support SMEs in the Professional and Business Services Sector by match-funding AI skills training for their employees. Businesses have until 11.59pm on 18 August 2024 to apply for funding. https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/flexible-ai-upskilling-fund 
Feedback from feasibility studies application: educational activities have been rejected as apparently; they don’t consist creative industries. Have you received more feedback from your SME’s applications? We would like to raise this at the BridgeAI coordination meeting 

## Upcoming Workshops 
* ‘Building AI Startup-Industry Partnerships’ on 20 June 2024 (London, 9:30 – 15:30), part of Innovate UK's BridgeAI programme. Explore effective collaboration strategies between entrepreneurs and industry leaders in the rapidly evolving AI landscape. Dive into case studies, legal insights, and networking opportunities - register now: https://digicat.org.uk/3UXVCV0  
* 'Empowering People in Data: exploring skills and building community' event at London Data Week on 05 July 2024 (London, hybrid 9:30 – 5 pm) - The People in Data Team and LOTI are bringing together a broad range of organisations from across London and beyond that consider using data as critical to their success and realise the need to enable more people to work in data focused careers. Register: https://londondataweek.org/events/ 
* The Innovate UK BridgeAI Discover Digital Transformation online training programme from the STFC Hartree Centre is now open for registrations! Book to attend the whole programme or just the sessions you need: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/discover-digital-transformation-training-programme/. Sessions include: 
   * Wednesday 18th September 2024: Making data work for you 
   * Wednesday 25th September 2024: AI applications in industry 
   * Wednesday 2nd October 2024: Modelling to aid decision making 
   * Wednesday 9th October 2024: Why digital twins? 
   *  Wednesday 16th October 2024: Scalable platforms supporting digital transformation 

This is all for now. Please use this space to ask any questions or to share some aspects of your BridgeAI work. 
Looking forward to seeing most of you on Monday. 
