# Biweekly on 14 November 

Dear all, 
I hope you all are very well.  
We’re pleased to share that on November 11, we had a successful quarterly meeting with the BridgeAI Innovation Leads. They were very impressed with our progress and our plans for the coming months. 

We’re currently working on the Annual Report, where your case study contributions have been essential. Case studies are where we can really demonstrate the impact you are having directly in industry.  It is challenging to track all of the successes!  Please review our tracker document and update the status of your companies? If your sessions have positively impacted their AI adoption journey, please mark them as exemplary so we can consider them for new case studies. It's so important to highlight these impacts, so do indicate if your advisory work has concluded. As above, we really want to feature this work in BridgeAI's Annual Report.   
Additionally, from Batch 7, kindly complete the short form after each meeting and share it with your SMEs. It should take no more than 5 minutes to complete, and it will allow us to get feedback about the matching process.   

## Upcoming Events 
* Community Call: Friday, 22 November at 12:00 (Agenda draft here 
* How to Build an AI Team: December 2, 9:30–13:00 (Online). Kit will join the panel on addressing the AI skills gap (10:25–13:00). It will be an insightful session, please join us if you can and invite your companies to join. Register here. 

## Funding and Opportunities 
* AI Competency Development Funding: Grants of £50,000–£100,000. Deadline: 29 January 2025. More info: here 
* Tech Trade Delegation to the U.S.: Showcase UK innovation at SXSW with the UK Department for Business and Trade. Register by 30 November here. 
Additional Updates 

## Capsules of AI Knowledge: 
We’ve recorded the first set. Thanks to Saber, Andy, Mishka, Matt and Rachael for your amazing contribution! We’ll record a second stage on 4 February 2025. If you’d like to lead a video, please sign up here asap and add the day in your calendar.  
## AI Insight Chats: 
we will finish the 2024 series tomorrow, thank you all for your contributions. We had around 400 registrations in the 3 sessions and we will promote the recordings in December. Now we’re planning 2025 sessions, starting with a session about data. More ideas will be discussed in our Community Call. 
Finally, we would like to inform you that the Open Call for Independent Scientific Advisor 2025 is now open. You can find an overview of the role, process, and timeline on our website. Call closes on 09 December 2025. Please share this with your colleagues or your network 

I look forward to meeting you all next week. 

Best wishes 
