# Bi-weekly 17 October 2024

Dear all,  

I hope you're doing well! Here's a quick update for the next two weeks: 

## Community Call – 23 October, 15:00-16:00 Agenda: here 
We’re excited to have Marc Rambaud, Service Design Lead from Innovate UK Business Growth, joining us to discuss their nationwide support programme. He’ll explain the eligibility process and how we can refer some of our standout SMEs. Marc is eager to collaborate, so feel free to bring a lot of questions! 

## Funding Opportunity – Systemic AI Safety Fast Grants 
Applications are open until 26 November 2024. The programme offers up to £200k for research on AI safety in critical sectors like healthcare, finance, and energy. Submit your proposals here: Grant Application. Join the upcoming webinar for more details: Webinar Sign-Up. 

##U pcoming Events (feel free to share these events to your networks) 
* MLOps Clinic – 5 November (In-person) at Digital Catapult, London. 
For those working on AI/ML deployment. Register here.  
* Trustworthy Ethical Assurance (TEA) Demo – 14 November, 15:00-16:30 (Virtual) 
As part of the Practitioners Hub cohort activities, the TEA team will have a sesion to introduce the TEA concepts and platforms. Interested? Let me know to send you a calendar invite! 
* Open Source, Ethics, and Innovation in AI – 25-26 November (BMA House) More info and registration: Event Details. 

### SME Introductions 
We’ll begin SME matching for batch 7 tomorrow. Please let me know if you need any adjustments or have capacity concerns. Finally, thanks Po and Andy for attending the BridgeAI Coordination meeting this week. And we look forward to having Keivan in the upcoming AI Insight Chat series on the 24 October. 

Looking forward to seeing you at next week’s call! 
