# 18 July 2024 
Hello all,  
I hope this new bi-weekly message finds you well. Below are some news from BridgeAI.  
* Reminder for our next BridgeAI/ISA Community Call scheduled for tomorrow Friday 19 July, from 11-12. The agenda draft is available here. No need to prepare anything in advance: https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/ISA/_layouts/15/doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7Bc197339a-83c8-487d-859a-dda7842f8a6d%7D&action=edit. 

## Funding / Cohort-based Upskilling Opportunities: 
* Quantum Technolgy (GBIP) in Germany. Quantum sensing for applications such as industrial instrumentation, clinical devices, imaging, resource mapping, geological or oceanographic survey applications. Deadline: 21 July. Information: https://bit.ly/4eVTm8T 
* Global Business Innovation Programme (GBIP) in Germany in November, for UK based SMEs looking to collaborate with companies there. The focus of this GBIP is on AI for Industrial Control. Application deadline: 28 July. Information: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/global-business-innovation-programme-in-germany-ai-for-industrial-control/ 
* (Transport) Funding competition: BridgeAI Supply Chain Demonstrator. UK registered organisations can apply for a share of up to £2 million in grant funding to deliver AI demonstrator projects. These projects are intended to benefit efficiency in supply chains and increase firm level productivity. https://apply-for-innovation-funding.service.gov.uk/competition/1960/overview/962585f0-8c73-4b57-8ffd-f029952f5722#summary / Competition closes: 21 August, 11:00 am 

## Training: 
* Discover Digital Transformation with the Hartree Centre: This introductory level series will help you get to grips with AI and associated digital technologies and identify potential applications within your business to save time, reduce costs and enhance innovation. 
Sessions include:
  * Wednesday 18th September 2024 : Making data work for you  
  * Wednesday 25th September 2024: AI applications in industry  
  * Wednesday 2nd October 2024: Modelling to aid decision making  
  * Wednesday 9th October 2024: Why digital twins?  
  * Wednesday 16th October 2024: Scalable platforms supporting digital transformation 
Registrations: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/discover-digital-transformation-training-programme/ 
  
* Up-to-dated BridgeAI Opportunities (perfect to direct to the organisations you’re supporting): https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/?_sf_s=bridgeai&sort_order=_sfm_closes+asc+datetime 
Before finishing, I would like to thank Spyros, Andrew, Rachael and Keivan for their participation at BridgeAI activities. Spyros led a session about data on AI Labs; Andrew and Rachael represented the ISA team at BridgeAI Coordination Meeting and Keivan facilitated a workshop table at the Manchester Metropolitan University event.  

With summer holidays almost here, I hope that you all take some time to relax and enjoy a well-deserved break. We are very grateful for your valuable contributions to BridgeAI.  

Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
