# 1 August 2024

I hope you all are doing well and enjoying the UK warm weather.  Below are our bi-weekly announcements: 

* Next Community Call: Tuesday 6 August at 14:00. Agenda: https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/ISA/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BC197339A-83C8-487D-859A-DDA7842F8A6D%7D&file=BridgeAI%20%20Turing%20Community%20Calls%202024.docx&action=default&mobileredirect=true 
* Link of links with relevant information about BridgeAI: BridgeAI – Link of links.docx 
 
## Feedback / Support needed: 
* Business applications of AI (Feedback request): we are pleased to share the draft output of Phase 1 of the research on business applications of AI in the four BridgeAI sectors. This AIGovernance Feedback August  folder contains: 
a  word document ‘Business applications of AI _External Feedback’  with the draft for BridgeAI ISAs/AAs and partners to provide feedback; 
an Excel file with a database of 40 AI use cases classified using the framework mentioned above. Please review and submit your feedback on the word document by 12 August. 
* Digital Catapult ML Offer: Digital Catapult is developing an offer for the BridgeAI ecosystem to support MLOps Journeys. They are looking to work with the following partners, and they are asking for support in putting them in touch with any contacts you may have in the above organisations.  
  * DagsHub 
  * Evidently 
  * Zen Ml 
  * ML Flow 
If you can help connect with these organisations, please let me know. 

## Upcoming meetings / action needed: 
* Agriculture Experts Community Call: Po will chair an Agriculture Community call in the upcoming weeks (probably in September). If interested in joining, please let us know. 
* ISA Quarterly meeting: We need to schedule our September ISA Quarterly meeting. (The quarterly meetings aim to report on the progress of ISAs/AAs workstream, address the needs of SMEs, identify barriers, and facilitate communication with the team and Project Lead, Kirstie Whitaker. These meetings ensure alignment, address issues, and keep all parties informed about ongoing developments of the BridgeAI). Please respond this Doodle by 09 August with your availability: https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/dR52onOb 
* September to December Community Calls: could you please select your favourite day of the week to schedule our upcoming Community Calls.  
  * Monday  
  * Tuesday 
  * Wednesday 
  * Thursday 
  * Friday 

I look forward to seeing most of you next Tuesday. To the ones on holiday, have a nice time off.  

 
