# Bi-Weekly Announcements 05 September 2024

Dear all,  

I hope you are all very well. Welcome back to the new academic year, I hope you had an amazing summer, with time to rest, reflect and have fun. I know some of you have taken part in some very interesting conferences. Hopefully you can share more about them in our next community call on the 27 September.  

## Below are our announcements: 

* ISAs/AAs participation at AI events. If you’re interested in attending to any of the events listed in the link below or other related to AI adoption, please complete the following form within 3 weeks prior to event and send it to Domenica for approval: 
Upcoming Events.xlsx 
240101_BridgeAI Event Expenses_template.docx  
* Case Studies status: Following the meetings with most of you, we have come up with a plan to develop 6 case studies about the following topics: 
  * Individual organisation case study: Mutus / Agriculture (Po) 
  * Individual organisation case study: Cyclopic (Hongkai) 
  * Individual organisation case study:  Zori tex (Andy) - the process of writing this one will start in November when they finish their development with Hartree 
  * "How to adopt AI as a small/micro company" / “Never too small to effectively adopt AI” 
  * ISA support available (practical/funding; technical) –> recruitment to technical roles; funding applications; regulations; data/software fundamentals; networking 
  * Sector-based case study: agriculture  
I will be in touch with you next week to start scheduling the interviews with the  organisations. Our aim is to mention all the organisations you have identified in these case studies. If you have any feedback or would like to add an organisation in case studies 4-6, please let me know. 
 
* Our AI Insight Chat Series is now live, thanks to the ISAs participating in these activities.  
Join us and help us share the first session with your networks, info and image below. If you have ideas and would like to host an AI Insight Chat session, please let me know. We have spots available from Jan 2024.
 
LinkedIn 
🚀 Upskill and equip your team with effective AI strategies online with The Alan Turing Institute, in collaboration with the @Innovate UK #BridgeAI programme. 
 
Join our informative online series that tackles critical questions for successful AI implementation in your business: 
 
Should you upskill your existing team or bring in external expertise? 
How do you initiate the process of building an AI team? 
What skills and competencies are essential for a robust AI strategy? 
 
Hear insights from industry professionals in our expert panel. Collaborate with experts and fellow attendees, share experiences, and tackle the challenges of building AI teams that drive your strategic goals. 
 
📅 Don't miss this opportunity to build successfully build AI into your team's future. Register today: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/events/ai-insight-chat-series/ 
 
🤝 BridgeAI Partners: @Innovate Uk I @Digital Catapult | @STFC Hartree Centre | @The Alan Turing Institute | @BSI   
#BridgeAI #AI #Agriculture #Construction #CreativeIndustries #Transport 
 
Twitter 

🚀 Are you interested in building a successful AI team within your organisation?  

Join @innovateuk #BridgeAI partner, @turinginst on 24 September for part one of the AI Insight Chat Series: "Building an Effective AI Team: Key Considerations, Skills & Competencies".  

🔎 Find out more and register: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/events/ai-insight-chat-series/ 

 
 
### Other Opportunities: 
* Creative Industries: Global Business Innovation Programme - Creative Catalyst & Artificial Intelligence at South by Southwest (SXSW), Texas, USA. Innovate UK will fund and organise flights, accommodation, in-market travel, and conference fees for successful applicants. Innovate UK will also pay for any reasonable adjustments throughout the initiative. One representative from each company will be funded. Registration closes: 9 September. Apply here: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/global-business-innovation-programme-creative-catalyst-artificial-intelligence-at-south-by-southwest-sxsw-texas-usa/ 
Upcoming Meetings
* ISA Quarterly Meeting (2 hours – online):  fill out the doodle poll till by Monday 09 September: https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/b8OXOO5a 
* In-person End-of-year Celebration Workshop and Lunch: fill out the doodle poll till Friday 13 September: https://doodle.com/meeting/participate/id/aKmAmB8d 

Finally, join me in welcoming two new members of our team: Punita Maisuria, our new BridgeAI Project Coordinator and Nadin Kokciyan our new Associated advisor. Welcome to the team, feel free to respond to this message introducing yourself to the team. 

Very best wishes to all,  

Alex 
