# Bi-weekly newsletter from 03 October 2024

Dear all,   

It was very nice to see most of you at the ISA Quarterly meeting last Monday, thanks for your active participation in this and our regular Community calls. Please find below some notes from our calls (the main take aways) and some support needed for future events: 

### September Community call (27 Sept) main take-aways:  
EoI for bespoke AI and Data science is back. Following your recommendation, we have updated the timeframe “Up to 16 hours devoted to the organisation in online or offline advising” --> You can share the offer with your networks: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/opportunities/bespoke-ai-and-data-science-advice-for-smes-from-the-alan-turing-institute/  
I will be sending you new SMEs early next week, thanks Rachael for your support automating the data.  
We will send the introductions to the SMEs once you give us your OK. If you feel the SME is not the right fit for you, please let me know.  
  
### ISA Quarterly Meeting: (03 Oct)  
* ISA Continuation / Recruitment: The Turing will open the call for Independent Scientific Advisors in November 2024. Ideally, some of you would be interested in applying again. Our objectives with this recruitment will be to: expand the network of ISAs, increase diversity in our network and, build on the learnings of this year. The ISA work will run until Jan 2025, please use your work on this programme in your application. New applicants to the programme that are shortlisted will be invited for interviews. Current ISAs may be invited for an interview. The application link will be shared in November.   
Presentations from Skills: The updates of the Skills workstream is in the slidedeck 6  
* AI Governance Presentation: Please find it attached or here. Previous AI Governance webinars links are in our BridgeAI website. On 15 November, we will have a first public event about Identifying AI opportunities for businesses at the AI Insight Chat with Tom featuring it.   
* The Turing Way Practitioners Hub presentation is here. We would love to invite you all to attend  and actively participate in their in-person event: Open Source, Ethics, and Innovation in AI, taking place on 25-26 November at BMA House.   
Event Details and registration: https://www.eventsforce.net/turingevents/frontend/reg/thome.csp?pageID=163051&eventID=388  
 
### Support needed from ISAs/AAs:  
* Engaging stakeholders in AI projects, use cases and content gaps. As Mishka told us during the community call, we would like to share a first draft of the first Casebook and the presention. They are open to any suggestions or feedback. Please note that this is very much a first draft, and we are open to any suggestions or feedback.   
The key aspects we are aiming to highlight in this use case are:  
An outcome or objective that clearly benefits from stakeholder engagement, as opposed to not including it.  
The clear need for and benefit of including stakeholders from minority/marginalised groups (those with low influence but high interest).  
* Review the documents and leave your feedback: PictureEngaging Stakeholder in AI Projects /  or attached.  

### AI Insight Chat: help us promote the October session about: Is Open Source the future of AI? LinkedIn Post: https://www.linkedin.com/posts/the-alan-turing-institute_ai-insight-chat-series-activity-    7247498108354334721-UBCA?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop  
❓ How can open-source AI offer flexibility, foster collaboration, reduce costs and help SMEs compete in a global market?  
❓ What are the risks and challenges of open-source adoption, and how can SMEs overcome them?   
❓ What real-world examples can guide your AI strategy and decisions?  
Our panel of experts will offer their unique industry perspectives:  
* John Sandall: CEO and Principal Data Scientist at Coefficient  
* Keivan Navaie: Professor in Intelligent Networks, Lancaster University, Independent Scientific Advisor, Alan Turing Institute  
* Udai Dhamija: President at Oxbridge AI Challenge  
* Jennifer Ding: Senior Researcher, Research Applications at The Alan Turing Institute  
* Register here: https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/events/ai-insight-chat-series/  
 
### Capsules of AI Knowledge: the script template has been sent to the first stage speaker, please submit your script by Friday 11 October.   
### Case Studies: the interviews with the organisations started last week and it is going very well. Thank you all for introducing Stuart and me. It's very inspiring to hear the impact you have in these organisations. 
