# 15 August 2024

Dear all,  
I hope you are all very well, enjoying the summer days. Here are some important updates: 

* BridgeAI Annual report is now available! You can find it [here](https://iuk.ktn-uk.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/07/DC028_BridgeAI_Report_240730.pdf). It’s also been added to our link of links, for easy access. It’s also been added to our [link of links](https://thealanturininstitute.sharepoint.com/:w:/s/ISA/ETPtyK5uWmdAq0T06HqVqRwBZTxha5YK2_exgHJGys1fZg?e=OJGsoB), for easy access.    
* Capsules of AI Knowledge’ Participation: As discussed in previous Community Calls we’re moving forward with the ‘Capsules of AI Knowledge’ project - short videos designed to help SMEs navigate the BridgeAI AI adoption framework . The project will be done in two stages: 
  * Stage 1:  record and launch 5 pilot videos (1 per AI adoption stage) and create a replicable template process 
  * Stage 2: complete the recording, editing, and approval of all videos 
Capsules of AI Knowledge storyboard: https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKye1Lz8=/ 
The speakers for stage 1 are confirmed (marked with **), so we’d like your participation in stage 2. Please review the storyboard and add your name next to the video you would like to lead by 6 September. I’ll share a script template for you to fill in your content and call to action. If you have any questions, please let me know. Also, big thanks to Liucheng , Yufeng and Saber for your valuable feedback! 
* (Deadline extension) Business applications of AI (Feedback request): the deadline to submit feedback on business applications of AI research has been extended to next week. This AIGovernance Feedback August  folder contains: 
a  word document ‘Business applications of AI _External Feedback’  with the draft for BridgeAI ISAs/AAs and partners to provide feedback; 
an Excel file with a database of 40 AI use cases classified using the framework mentioned above. 
Thank you, Rachael and Kit, for your thoughtful comments! The AI Governance team mentioned that your feedback is exactly what they were hoping to – Super helpful! 
* ISA Case Studies update: the interviews with ISA’s are wrapping up next week. Stuart will present a map of the case studies we plan to develop by the end of August. I’ll share more details in the next bi-weekly announcements. Thank you all for your contributions so far – it's been inspiring to hear how your sessions are impacting these SMEs.  
* Upcoming meetings: I’ve sent out three calendar invitations for our upcoming community calls on 27 Sept, 11-12/ 23 Oct, 3-4/ 22 Nov, 11-12.  The quarterly ISA meeting (the longer one) has not been scheduled yet as I’m still trying to find a time that works for everyone, and it might be moved to October. 
 
Finally, I’d like to let you know that I’ll be taking a course next week and won’t be available via email. I will be back from Tuesday 27 August.  

All the best!! 
