# Biweekly sent on 23 January 2025 

Dear BridgeAI ISA and AA team, 
 
I hope this message finds you well.  
As we approach the end of the ISA/AA programme’s first year, I kindly ask you to complete the BridgeAI: ISA and AA First Year Review Form by Monday 3 February 2025. Completing the form is required for all ISAs, AAs, and ISA alumni and should take no more than 1 hour of your time.  
Form link: https://forms.office.com/e/PYbjMEzsdq 
Your insights are essential to assessing the impact of the ISAs on BridgeAI's mission and improving the programme for its final year. This form is structured into three key sections:  

## BridgeAIProgramme – Share your reflections on the overall programme's effectiveness and alignment with its goals.  
* Internal Processes (The Alan Turing Institute)– Provide feedback on internal mechanisms supporting the ISA role, including communication, resources, and tools.  
* External Impact (SMEs You Have Supported)– Evaluate your contributions to SME growth, challenges faced, and any success stories or lessons learned.  
* Your responses will directly inform improvements to the programme and shape future government initiatives like BridgeAI. All feedback will be carefully considered to ensure our offerings are as impactful as possible.  
 
Some of your responses may be shared with our delivery partners in an anonymised format. If further clarification is needed on your answers, we may reach out to you before sharing any information.  

Thank you in advance for your valuable input, which is key to the programme's success.  
Best wishes,  
Alex 
