# Biweekly sent on 26 February 

Hello all,  
I hope you’re doing well.  
Below, you will find key updated an actions for the coming weeks.  

## Upcoming Meetings: 
* 14 March (in-person) - ISA and AA Workshop. Please review the agenda (link below and come prepared for activities 1 and 2.
We’d love for you to reflect on: 
  * What is your AI superpower? 
  * What mental scripts do you follow when advising a company? 
Additionally, please complete the short form (link below) to share any dietary or accessibility requirements. We are very excited to host you in-person.  
Agenda: ISAs Onboarding Workshop.docx  
Registration form: https://forms.office.com/e/xD1fZZzdcR 
* 20 March (hybrid) - The Turing Way Practitioners Hub Showcase Event. This event will bring together the Experts in Residence to present case studies on sector-specific challenges and strategies for adopting open, collaborative, and ethical AI.  
Please register by Monday 3rd March: https://forms.office.com/e/bLag4kg3Le 
* BridgeAI Beacon events: thanks to everyone who has signed up. We still have one city available: 
6 May at Swansea University 

## Other news: 
* Bespoke Advice – Help us Spread the word! We've seen a decline in applications for our bespoke advice offering, so we've launched a targeted outreach plan. Please help by sharing the attached flyer within your networks. 
* Hartree’s innovation vouchers – Final Week 
The Hartree Centre’s innovation vouchers end this week. Your companies can apply here: https://iuk-business-connect.org.uk/opportunities/bridgeai-innovation-vouchers-science-and-technology-facilities-council-hartree-centre/ . HPC vouchers will start next week! 
* Free AI & ML Training for UK Agri-food Businesses. BridgeAI has invited Ricardo to delivery training sessions aimed at helping UK agri-food businesses overcome barriers to AI/ML adoption. This trainings will help participants assess their data and develop AI Strategues 
Training registration link to share with potential SMEs: https://survey.alchemer.eu/s3/90796171/Free-AI-and-Machine-Learning-Training-for-UK-Food-and-Farming-Businesses 
* Oxford Human-AI lab (7-8 July) 
Our colleague, AA Yufeng Zhang will co-chair theh Oxford Human AI Lab, an annual workshop focusing on academic-practitioner engagement.  
Event details:  https://www.sbs.ox.ac.uk/events/human-algorithm-interaction-workshop-2025. 

I would like to take this opportunity to thank Nadin for her incredible contribution today in our AI Insight Chat about Data Readiness for AI. It was an engaging session, the recording will be available very soon. Please remember that you can co-design a session. 

I look forward to any question you may have.  

Best wishes,  

Alex 
