# Biweekly sent on 17 April 
 
Dear all,   
I hope this bi-weekly finds you well.  
Here’s a summary of the news from BridgeAI 
 
* [Reminder] Turing Internship Network: Thank you to everyone who has submitted the form already! A reminder that the proposal form will remain open until 11:00 am, 22 April 2025. Link to the form: https://ati.flexigrant.com/startapplication.aspx?id=14949. 
* Next ISA Community Call: 9 May (12:00 –13:00): This will be a hybrid session. 
I have booked the Cipher Room from 10:00 to 15:00 for optional co-working time with those who can join in person.  
The agenda is available here:  
The session will focus mainly on updates from the Innovation Workstream, including changes to the PID and the implementation of the KTH Framework. 
  
* BridgeAI Annual Showcase: Monday 16 June (9:00 – 16:00). We will start the day with a breakfast meeting at 9:00 for all ISAs, AAs, the BridgeAI Advisory Group, and the Expert Working Groups. 
This will be a great opportunity to connect with other key BridgeAI partners!Register here: https://iuk-business-connect.org.uk/events/high-growth-ai-accelerator-showcase/ 
 
* June’s ISA Community Call will be scheduled for 27 June at 12:00 
 
## Funding applications:  
* BridgeAI Innovation Exchange: Empowering AI Innovation: UK registered organisations can apply for a share of up to £200,000 for five-month projects. This funding is from Innovate UK’s BridgeAI programme. 
Competition opens: Monday 24 March 2025 
Competition closes: Wednesday 23 April 2025 11:00am 
 https://apply-for-innovation-funding.service.gov.uk/competition/2141/overview/0b4e5073-a63c-44ff-b4a7-84db8a92ff9f 

## BridgeAI – Regional Events: Please invite your companies in these regions to attend 
As part of the BridgeAI programme, Innovate UK is pleased to introduce a new series of five regional events taking place across the UK, aiming to dive into the fascinating world of artificial intelligence and its role in impactful innovation.   
Roadshow dates  
* Bristol - 29 April 2005: 10:00 am - 3:00 pm – in partnership with Techspark 
* Newcastle - 1 May 2025: 10:00 a m - 3:00 pm – in partnership with National Innovation Centre for Data (NICD) 
* Swansea - 6 May 2025: 10:00 am- 3:00 pm– in partnership with Swansea University 
* Edinburgh  - 12 May 2025: 10:00 am - 3:00 pm– in partnership with Scottish AI Alliance and The Data Lab 
* Belfast - 19 May 2025: 10:00 am-3:00 pm– in partnership with AI Collaboration Centre 

Website page, here 
Recent LinkedIn post, here 

Adopters and Developers Event – October 2025. We are planning an in-person event to create stronger connections between ISAs, The Turing Workstreams, Experts in Residence, SMEs, adopters, and developers. 
Would you like to help shape this event? We’re forming a Planning Committee to co-create the agenda, invite guests, and more. 
Estimated commitment: 2 hours per month 
If you're interested, please comment on [this GitHub issue] (add link) or reply to this email. 
Thanks and I wish you all a nice long weekend.  

Best wishes, 

Alexandra 
