# Biweekly sent on 13 February 2025

Hello all,  
I hope you’re had a good week. Thanks for the engaging session last Friday in our February Community Call. Please find here the presentation with our delivery partner’s updated offers and key dates: Coordination WG_Jan25_Partner presentation.pptx. Please do not share this presentation outside our group, most of the information (without the dates) is available in BridgeAI offering site.  Below is some relevant news about BridgeAI: 

## Mark your calendars: calendar invitations sent or on the way 
* 14 March (in-person) ISA Workshop: 10:00 am - 13:00 at The Alan Turing Institute 
* 20 March (in-person or online) Turing Way Practitioner’s Hub End of Cohort Showcase: 10:00-16:00 at Wellcome, London 
* 04 April: Community Call from 12-13  
* 09 May: Community Call from 12-13   
* 16 June (in-person): BridgeAI Annual Event (all day in London)  
 
## The Turing Way Practitioner’s Hub End of Cohort Showcase – 20 March, 10:00-16:00 
As the second cohort of the Practitioner’s Hub draws to a close, the team are delighted to invite the ISAs to attend the final Showcase event at the Wellcome in London, and online on 20 March. Join us to network and hear from the companies who have been participating over the past 6 months about their journey and the innovations and implementation of open, ethical and responsible AI and data science the Practitioner’s Hub has sparked.    
Registration form for in-person or online attendance is here: https://forms.office.com/e/bLag4kg3Le 

## Beacon events:  
BridgeAI is organising Beacon events on the following dates and cities. 
PictureWe would like to include at least one ISA in each of these sessions. Please let me know which one you will be interested in attending.  

## New Framework Publication: 
The AI Governance team has recently published AI Use Cases framework, which will be useful for you and/or the companies you advise, try to use the framework in your work. If successful, this will provide us with a great opportunity to write a case study about the experience. 
Business applications of Artificial Intelligence - A framework to categorise AI use cases:https://zenodo.org/records/14727116  

## Promotion support: 
Help us promote the following BridgeAI events: 
* 21 and 28 February (virtual): Operationalising ethics in AI - introduction webinar and implementation workshops 
Turing LinkedIn post to share with your network 
* 26 February, 11:00 – 12:30 (virtual) AI Insight Chat: Data Readiness for AI. 
Turing LinkedIn post to share with your network 
* 12 March, 14:00 – 15:30 BridgeAI Investment Webinar  
 
## Additional new offers: 
Applied AI Suite: A comprehensive Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) solution, developed by Digital Catapult, to assess ML maturity, streamline AI/ML model deployment, and ensure optimal performance and scalability for organisations of all sizes.  
