# Biweekly sent on 12 March 2025 

Hello all,  
I hope you’re doing well. 
We’re excited to welcome you this Friday for our ISA Workshop. Please take a moment to review the agenda below and familiarise yourself with the topics we’ll be discussing.  

* Workshop location: The Alan Turing Institute is located on the first floor of the British Library. Find map and travel details: https://www.turing.ac.uk/contact-us/how-get-alan-turing-institute. If you have any trouble finding the office, feel free to call me: 07863456016. 

## Upcoming meetings and events: 
* 14 March (in-person) - ISA and AA Workshop. Please review the agenda and come prepared for activities 1 and 2. We’d love for you to reflect on: 
  * What is your AI superpower? 
  * What mental scripts do you follow when advising a company? 
* Friday 04 April, 12:00 – 13:00 (virtual): ISA Monthly Community Call - Draft agenda 
* Friday 09 May, 12:00 – 13:00 (virtual): ISA Monthly Community Call 
* Monday 16 June, 10:00 – 16:30 (in-person): BridgeAI Annual Event, Convene Sancroft, London. We encourage you to arrive at 9:00 am for an ISA breakfast meeting. After the event, we’d love to continue conversations informally over a drink – Turing colleagues will be encouraged to join as well! 
* Beacon Events (starting on 29 April): If you’re participating, I’ll reach out from Monday 24 March (after AI UK).  

## Collaboration request: 
* AI Labs resuming in May 2025: We’re keen to involve ISAs in this year’s webinar. Sessions will mostly take place on Wednesdays, 10:00 –12:00. Please let us know if you can support any of the following: 
Data Strategy (Week 2: May 19 - May 25)  
Team Assembly Strategy (Week 3: May 26 - May 31) 
Technology Selection Strategy (Week 4: June 2 - June 8) 
Upscaling Strategy (June 8 -->)  
 
* BridgeAI Annual Event - SMEs exhibitions: This is a great opportunity for SMEs to showcase their work and connect with potential collaborators. IUK has already contacted SMEs but please share the Expression of Interest link with any companies you think may be interested or may benefit from it. Below’s a template email you can use: 
Innovate UK BridgeAI will host their Annual Event on Monday 16 June, in London. They’re currently running a campaign to invite SMEs to join their showcases.  
As you’ve been part of the ISA offer, we believe you’re suitable for taking part of this event. Please complete the link below and remember to tick that you were ‘The Alan Turing Insitute – ISA recipient’. 
The closing date for submitting an EOI is 31 March 2025, and we aim to notify you about the outcome of your application around 16 April 2025. 
Expression of interest for exhibiting at BridgeAI annual showcase: https://info.iukbc.org.uk/p/2VFU-KG0/eoi-for-exhibiting-at-bridgeai-annual-showcase 
IUK is sending to following email to SMEs: BridgeAI Annual Showcase 2025 
 
### Other relevant information 
Private Consultancy process: We are proud to hear that some companies wish to continue working with ISAs beyond BridgeAI! To ensure clarity, please follow this simple process: 
Inform the Turing team (Dominica and Alexandra). Clearly separate consultancy work from BridgeAI’s scope. Turing will keep a record and confirm when BridgeAI-related support has concluded 
Financial arrangements remain private between ISAs and SMEs 
 
* Declaration of Interest Form: We will soon circulate a Declaration of Interest Form for all ISAs and AAs. Please keep an eye out for it in the coming weeks.  

Please let me know if you have any questions. Looking forward to seeing most of you on Friday.  

Best wishes,  

Alex 
