# 16 May 2024 
Welcome to the inaugural edition of our BridgeAI bi-weekly announcements. I'm excited to kick off this platform to keep you informed and engaged with all things BridgeAI is working on: 
 
* BridgeAI Annual Event: Thanks for your valuable participation at the Annual event this week. Our Turing presence was very strong, and the attendees were very impressed with the offers we provide to SMEs. If you prepared a slidedeck for your talks, please send it to me as I will upload them in Zenodo. Thanks, @Rachael Stickland, for sending me yours already. It was also very nice to spend some in-person time together. Below are some nice pictures of the team. If you have more, share them :blush:  
* New Associated advisors (AA’s): we have onboarded four new AAs to the team: @Luis, @Liucheng Guo, @Saber Fallah and @Wenjia Wang. Please join me in welcoming them. You can find more information about them in the slide deck linked to this Slack Channel – or here. If someone cannot open it, please let me know. Also, feel free to edit your personal slides and update the expertise matrix regularly.  
* Funding Opportunities: I’m aware many of you have been immersed in supporting SMEs for the Feasibility Studies application which ended on 8 May. UKRI has informed us that they may have something similar for the next financial year. At the moment, the largest opportunities remaining this financial year would be: 
    * Flexible AI Upskilling Fund pilot: open for applications (Applications have now opened. £6.4 million of grant funding is available, and eligible businesses have until 12pm on 31 May to apply for funding)   
    * Global Business Innovation Programmes: At the moment, there are two calls available that could be interesting for the transport sector. 
* Next meetings:  
    * On 22 May, 11:00-12:00: there will be a call with ISAs and AAs working in the Transport sector. The call is open for everyone from the team, if you want to join,  please add a car emoji :car: to send you a calendar invite. The agenda for the meeting is here. 
    * On 3 June, 15:00 – 17:00: ISA virtual meeting. We are finishing the agenda, which so far includes celebrating team accomplishments, meeting new members of the team, identifying upskilling needs and reviewing the SME/ISA matching and advising process. If you want to include a topic, please respond to this message. 

This is all for now. Please use this space to ask any questions or to share some aspects of your BridgeAI work. 
Have a nice day ... it's almost weekend! 
